content/pages/values.md, before:

---
title: What we commit ourselves to
subtitle: We are driven by strong values to learn and grow every day
image_alt: lorem-ipsum
seo:
  title: Our Values
  description: A reference for suggested typographic treatment and styles for your content
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Theme Style Guide
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        A reference for suggested typographic treatment and styles for your
        content
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/exto_preview.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Theme Style Guide
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        A reference for suggested typographic treatment and styles for your
        content
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/exto_preview.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: page
---
#### Equality

The principles of equality and diversity are fundamental pillars of our organization. We are committed to creating and fostering a diverse team with people from all walks of life. We purposefully encourage inclusion through compassion and respect in all of our interactions.

#### Community

We believe that our collective of committed, cross-functional people with a growth mindset, an intense customer-centric focus and a culture of rapid experimentation has no limits on what it can achieve. We don’t let ego get in the way of meaningful progress.

#### Passion

Passion is our performance enhancer. As such, we focus on the work that our heart beats for - work that unlocks people’s potential so that they can create more impact on ourselves and our clients needs.

#### Learn-It-All

We are committed to an everlearning culture and believe that talents and abilities can be developed through intentional learning and persistence. We believe in challenging the status quo, in optimising and continuously improving - every day - in order drive long-term sustainable growth and impact.

#### &#xA;Evolutionary Sense

We are committed to an agile evolutionary organization with distributed authority and collective intelligence towards delivering on our purpose. We believe in the power of experimentation and seeing obstacles in our way as necessary to grow and move us forward.

#### &#xA;&#xA;Human Skills

We engage in thoughtful disagreement and exchange ideas, even when they are controversial, based on a guiding philosophy of ‘strong opinions, weakly held’. We provide feedback to each other empathically to help us learn, grow, build character and differentiate ourselves. We always take ownership for our work.

#### Gratitude

We show gratitude for the freedom we’re fortunate enough to have to practice these values, unlike many less fortunate people around the world. We work towards giving more people these opportunities and create an impact back to humanity.

Commit message:

values.md: updated description in seo

content/pages/values.md, after:

---
title: What we commit ourselves to
subtitle: We are driven by strong values to learn and grow every day
image_alt: lorem-ipsum
seo:
  title: Our Values
  description: >-
    Epic Fusion is driven by strong values to learn and grow everyday . This is
    what we commit ourselfes to.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Theme Style Guide
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        A reference for suggested typographic treatment and styles for your
        content
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/exto_preview.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Theme Style Guide
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        A reference for suggested typographic treatment and styles for your
        content
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/exto_preview.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: page
---
#### Equality

The principles of equality and diversity are fundamental pillars of our organization. We are committed to creating and fostering a diverse team with people from all walks of life. We purposefully encourage inclusion through compassion and respect in all of our interactions.

#### Community

We believe that our collective of committed, cross-functional people with a growth mindset, an intense customer-centric focus and a culture of rapid experimentation has no limits on what it can achieve. We don’t let ego get in the way of meaningful progress.

#### Passion

Passion is our performance enhancer. As such, we focus on the work that our heart beats for - work that unlocks people’s potential so that they can create more impact on ourselves and our clients needs.

#### Learn-It-All

We are committed to an everlearning culture and believe that talents and abilities can be developed through intentional learning and persistence. We believe in challenging the status quo, in optimising and continuously improving - every day - in order drive long-term sustainable growth and impact.

#### &#xA;Evolutionary Sense

We are committed to an agile evolutionary organization with distributed authority and collective intelligence towards delivering on our purpose. We believe in the power of experimentation and seeing obstacles in our way as necessary to grow and move us forward.

#### &#xA;&#xA;Human Skills

We engage in thoughtful disagreement and exchange ideas, even when they are controversial, based on a guiding philosophy of ‘strong opinions, weakly held’. We provide feedback to each other empathically to help us learn, grow, build character and differentiate ourselves. We always take ownership for our work.

#### Gratitude

We show gratitude for the freedom we’re fortunate enough to have to practice these values, unlike many less fortunate people around the world. We work towards giving more people these opportunities and create an impact back to humanity.
